OK so this will be the final stage of the child routes and I've done a few more modifications to d h
d l component to the HDMI files.
So the first the first changes have been conducted to the home component of each DML you have this line
which has been added.
So we're basically creating a link which is routed to accounts.
And this is being done in the home in the home component.
Now if we go into the account data component Datti that HD about this is just an example of how not
to do it.
And this is an example of how to do it.
Why is this how not to do it.
Because we are we are creating a routed link with the slash accounts.
And when you have this slash it begins looking at the route.
This is not always a good idea because the this name accounts might be changed or something like that.
But if we if you listed in a dynamic fashion like this that means that even if the account name changes
and this will still this should still work.
Let's go ahead and take a look at the site and see how this actually looks like.
So if I just open up the default site OK again it says hey personal finance.
Welcome to personal finance.
This is the home component.
And I can click on look at your accounts and I can go ahead and click on Create a new one.
So let's go ahead and look at our accounts and our account.
When I click on look at our accounts I get this so I can say all accounts agree or even go into the
create a new account here where I could actually do it and if I just type in a slash account and press
Enter this is going to take me to a listing.
As you can see here this is this is what we have done in our code.
We have configured this to be the default.
OK.
So we have done some separation again and our application is beginning to look more and more and more
like something from the real world and not something from from the east.
From a school demo so to say OK I'm going to go ahead and delete this part.
By the way because I would like this to be more dynamic and I'm going to go ahead and save that it's
just control us.
OK.
So bid you farewell and let's go ahead and jump into the next chapter.